Different type of shades and blinds SOMA Smart Shades
As you probably guessed, we’re kind of obsessed with automating different window treatments. But we realize that with so many type of window shades available. We need to talk about popular types of shades, and where they differ.

Shades are among the most popular form of window treatment. They are mounted either inside or on top of the window frame, they do not have slats, and are made of a continuous panel of fabric or a fabric-like material.

SOME SMART SHADES WORK WITH

Honeycomb or Cellural
Are similar to pleased blinds except that they are made up of two or more layers joined at the pleats to form ‘Cellural’ compartments that trap air, providing insulation. Due to their cellural construction, cellural blinds are know to the energy conscious as one of the highest energy-efficient and  sound-absorbent blinds of any window treatment.
SOMA Smart Shades supports these shades with

Roman Shades
Roman shades are usually opened with a cord mechanism, allowing the user to adjust the height of the covered area. In typical construction, cords run vertically on the outdoor side of the blind running through evenly spaced horizontal stiffener rods or eyelets, and attached at the bottom of the blind.
SOMA Smart Shades supports these shades with

Vertical Blinds
Are made up of individual louvres or slats that clip on to a sliding track at the top and are joined together by weight and stabilising chains at the foot of the blind. Each slat hangs vertically and the entire blind is operated by a chain (or wand ) and a separate cord. The chain ( or wand ) control is used to tilt and turn the slats while the cord control opens and closes the blind.
SOMA Smart Shades supports these shades with

Roller Shades
Consist of  a rolling mechanism with a length of fabric attached to it. When fully raised, the material rolls up into the tube, and should not be visible. These are good for minimalistic looks because unlike Roman shades, the top part of the window is not covered.
SOMA Smart Shades supports these shades with

START YOUR SMART HOME WITH SOMA SMART SHADES
START YOUR SMART HOME & SAVE MONEY
With our value pack you will start your smart home and save money in the same time.

VOICE CONTROL YOUR SHADES WITH SOMA CONNECT
SOMA connect works with Amazon Alexa, Apple Home kit and Google Home.

HOW JONSES FAMILY MORNING GOT BRIGTHER AND BETTER
Read how smart shades helped the whole family change there morning routine and sleep better at night.